Morty: "Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV."

Rick: "Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you but what people call "love" is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science"

Rick "All right, all right, cool it! I see what's happening here. You're both young, you're both unsure about your place in the universe, and you both want to be Grandpa's favorite. I can fix this. Morty, sit here. Summer, you sit here. Now, listen, I know the two of you are very different from each other in a lot of ways, but you have to understand that as far as Grandpa's concerned, you're both pieces of shit! Yeah. I can prove it mathematically. Actually, l-l-let me grab my whiteboard. This has been a long time coming, anyways."

Rick: "It's like the N word and the C word had a baby and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews."

Rick: "What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty? The answer is: Don't think about it."

Rick: "Weddings are basically funerals with cake."

Morty: "I mean, why would a Pop-Tart want to live inside a toaster, Rick? I mean, that would be like the scariest place for them to live. You know what I mean?"
Rick: "You're missing the point Morty. Why would he drive a smaller toaster with wheels? I mean, does your car look like a smaller version of your house? No."

Morty: "I just killed my family! I don't care who they were!"
Rick: "I dunno, some people would pay top dollar for that kind of breakthrough."

Rick: "Ohh yea, you gotta get schwifty."

Rick: "I'm not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. Can you assimilate a giraffe?"

Rick: "We need a hang glider, and a crotch less uncle sam costume, and I want the entire field of your largest stadium covered end to end with naked red heads, and I want the stands packed with every man that remotely resembles my father."

Rick: "Like nothing shady ever happened in a fully furnished office? You ever hear about Wall Street Morty? You know what those guys do in their fancy board rooms? They take their balls and dip 'em in cocaine and wipe 'em all over each other. You know Grandpa goes around and he does his business in public because grandpa isn't shady."

Rick: "Don't break an arm jerking yourself off Morty."

Rick: "I don't like it here Morty. I can't abide bureaucracy. I don't like being told where to go and what to do. I consider it a violation. Did you get those seeds all the way up your butt?"

Rick: "Morty, can you get to the left nipple?"

Rick: "We're gonna nine eleven this bitch unless Morty gets better math grades!"

Goldenfold: "Morty! The principal and I have discussed it, a-a-and we're both insecure enough to agree to a three-way!"

Jerry: "Life is effort and I'll stop when I die!"

Jerry: "are you hungry for apples? ARE YOU HUNGRY FOR APPLESSS!?"

Jerry: "I wish that shotgun was my penis."

Meeseeks: "I JUST WANNA DIE!"

Morty: "Well then get your shit together. Get it all together and put it in a backpack, all your shit, so it's together. ...and if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere ya know? Take it to the shit store and sell it, or put it in a shit museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together... Get your shit together."

Snowball: "Where are my testicles, Summer?"
